URGENT FIXES
0) for expanding translation (important words) - make it with groups, where you can drag and drop stuff.
1) ultra new words problem
    => if word is already ultra new and you don't know it - you cannot push it to the end (it will appear right away)
    => if you don't know word, it doesn't change ultraNewWordGuesses to 3
    => when guesses become 0 - word become regular and you need to answer it immediately (seems useless)
8) make converter from old storage format to new one (make sure that words in pool aren't in known list - delete them from known)
    check work with little storage (10 words in learning). Make sure updated option is fired in correct time (when there are no words left)
10) if problems with connection occur - localStorage will break (probably that stuff happened with masturbation word)
    if you set next word number - check if you can get translation for it (otherwise it will be like in screenshot)
    so if there is no translation - don't update the storage (mb even don't set number for next word - throw huge error - some connection problem occured)
11) some words are blocked when downloading (for example peel, mb another with 'add content'). Check it and ask to disable addblocker.
12) to push some words to the end of pool - just add another flag. Queue for example -> assign it to pool length (only of ready words).
    When you proceed to next word - decrease queue by one of every word (pool loop).
    Think about new words adding to the pool manually in that moment and words, that weren't ready in the beginning and are ready later.
13) problem with showing all data from pool (numbers are not sorted, names are sorted -> names are not correlated with numbers)
MEDIUM FIXES

0) make all stuff on backend - node.js is fine. On frontent should only be "controller", powered by react.
    debugable node.js is very important. 
    You can divide on parts on backend too (not huge model). 
    Before it make auth with react.
0) rewrite all stuff to async/await and es6 modules (if it's make sense). Use babel for server (not only for web root - for server try to convert only your own files and not all files).
        Make node server debugable.
0.25) Important answers:  implement groups - so you would need to answer all groups -
        -> and if group has several translation  - it's enough to check one of them
1) backup storage data to onedrive cloud (or even send by email)
5) make possible to get list of saved user storages (you can choose which storage do you want to use, if last one from server for some reason is corrupted)
7) remake all shown dates with fancy moment.js (for example - last check was 12 hours ago or 12 days ago, don't use boring date)
8) too many yandex translations for some words cannot fit on the screen (make scroll possible)
9) add possibility to delete words from learning pool via button `I don't want to learn that word`, but with prompt,
    so you will not delete word from pool by accident ('Do you really want to delete word from pool?')
11) when you click on some buttons, e.g. "I don't know word", focus should be left on input field.
    mb same with clicking on document.
12) allWords should be without number (just plain array with words - you can save it in localstorage - it's only 300 KB)
    words in pool should not contain last guess time (it can be calculated automatically)
13) add statistic block (how many words have you learned for last month per day in average - and draw graphs; mb some other statistic)
14) when you add custom word - you can choose  from the default words (name, number - so you can see the difficulty)  and if it'not on the list - create custom word
    if it's custom word - you should specify translation
15) clear package.json (there is a lot of modules, which aren't necessary)
16) when you delete ford from pool - there is no update of pool list

LOW PRIORITY FIXES
1) add pagination to learning pool
2) when show learning pool list - make filter input active (and perform it, if it was set before)
3) fix controller - there are methods with a lot of view lines (move them to view files)
   learnMachine model inside controller is not very good case (it's not even a controller)
4) revise all words from the pool (jump, hop, skip, leap, bound - all jumps, but they are different)
5) if you click 'Show translations'  - word will be downloaded again. Fix it.
6) when you click "I don't want to learn that word" - list of all know words is not updated.
7) implement adding of new custom translations and marking important translations to every word (not only current word)
8) mb add some other keyboard features (so you won't need to move your hand to mouse every time you don't know the word)
    "I don't know word" button make with keyboard shortcuts (mb even double buttons
    shift+enter or something like that)

POSSIBLE FEATURES
1) add google images of current word
2) add again urban dictionary and google images in iframe (download data via browser with parsed css)
3) add user management (everyone can use my application) - mb with react
4) add reactjs + redux ?
5) add aggression slider for saving (if you have bad connection - don't send data to server every time  - mb once in day)
    it requires manual save of data (if you want to use application from different devices)
6) make opposite direction of guessing (question in russian (with important words highlighted - when multiple definition of word ) and you should type answer in english)
7) mb make something for mobile - when you don't need to type the answer but choose translation (or even better - the definition of word)
       you can get definition from all words or from your pool
8) create custom phrases (idioms or words with prepositions - 'take off'), where you need only to choose meaning (and not type manually the answer - it would be frustrating)
    number of choices would be 5...10
9) create learning system for second and third forms of irregular verbs


